You can change your job title from DEV to PM. Is this statement true or false? - True

How many steps are there in Performance Evaluation? - 3

Does the Company evaluate Employee performance quarterly? - No

How many fixed term Labor contracts can an Employee sign before signing
indefinite Labor contract? - 2

Is the Policy of payment for Internal trainers applied to the Company's full-
time training staff and training management staff? - No

The result of montth Performance Evaluation is used: - All of the above

Personal and Family circumstance deduction rates are: - 11 million and 4.4 million

Reward programs are approved by: - CxO

Example: The salary stated in your labor contract is 4.400.000 VND, the
compulsory insurance you must pay montth is: - 462.000

ln case of working overnight, beside receiving Overtime payment as
regulated, you will be: - paid extra 30% of hourly salary rate of
normal working day and 20% of hourly
salary rate in daytime of that working day

You can request unpaid leave with a maximum length of: - 1 month

How many FSOFT Outstanding Employee awards of the year are there? - 3

Can Employee convert awarded golds into cash? - Yes

Employee signing indefinite labor contract or fixed term labor contract from
one year and above, when registering any course, is eligible for which study - 
support rate? - Maximum supported amount/ course's fee =
100%

ln MSC Evaluation method, the Employee is graded A+ when completing all
submitted tasks, including: - 4 Musts, 2 Shoulds and 1 Could

What do Performance Evaluation methods include? - All of the above

If the committed training is directly related to the customer, the committed
working time after the training will be: - Longer than the Company's policy and based
on the commitment with the customer.

The Employee's annual performance result is determined based on: - All of the above

Ensuring sufficient hours of working at the office is crucial, as if your working
time in a day is greater than 3 hours but less than 6 hours, then you will be: - be considered as taking half day off.

What does "P" mean in Fcareer Framework? - Total Package

How can awarded golds be spent? - Both A and 8 are correct